README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
CS student who likes to make mobile apps and web apps or anything that looks interesting.

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white) ![Objective-C](https://img.shields.io/badge/OBJECTIVE--C-%233A95E3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white) ![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/swift-F54A2A?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JOElJOHN5&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=JOElJOHN5&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=JOElJOHN5&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=JOElJOHN5&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JOElJOHN5&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise About Me section in README
Updated personal information to include current role as a researcher.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
CS student who likes to make mobile apps and web apps or anything that looks interesting. Currently working as Researcher at the Health Access Lab of the UIC Innovation Center. 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white) ![Objective-C](https://img.shields.io/badge/OBJECTIVE--C-%233A95E3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white) ![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/swift-F54A2A?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JOElJOHN5&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=JOElJOHN5&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=JOElJOHN5&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=JOElJOHN5&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JOElJOHN5&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
